Talk to me about Viva La Vita first. Okay. When you come up with a song like that You're the
lyric guy on that one that just came out in sort of one go Where were you when that came
out? I first was in we were in on tour in Mexico City and there's a paint A cool free
to call you know free to miss. Yes, I do and She has had where where she used to live
as a museum called the Casa Azul And I went to look at it and in there is a painting
called Viva La Vita Which is just written on a water melon and I just thought that's a great title
and then once I had that title I often have a title in my head. Did you jot it down?
Yeah, yeah, I have a list of titles all the time in your journal Yeah, book on my phone actually.
Okay. Yeah, so you walk around with the phone you got a little app and you're right down Viva La
Vita. Yeah, and but that's all you have So you have a title and then like they start to get
a feeling and and then you just wait and wait and wait See what happens and then this point was
probably eight other songs that I tried to call Viva La Vita There's never made it. Oh, so there was
a lot of Viva La Vita's yeah But then the real one came through and then you know, oh, that's
the one and when you bring this song to the band Yeah, it's fully done. It's it's fully real Hope
if I play it for you in a minute. It's just like that. That's just simple. All right, so this
is good Take us back. You've now decided I hear the song Viva La Vita. Yeah, I'm ready to play
it for the band Okay, what do you walk in with the guitar? Well, I could do it on guitar
or piano. It kind of came one one bit came on guitar. One you can choose that I can choose
which one you're playing on. Yeah, do it on guitar just to show off that you've already played the piano
and that show off Show off that you can play the guitar But okay, what a show off You really
are I've had it with you Can you hear that yeah, so it came out really simple like You I
used to Seas would rise when I gave Alone sweet the streets I used to You want to keep going?
You fuck you. Go ahead. I just get you better do the whole song I love that breath Now the
old king is dead Only the king one minute I held the key Next to false closed on me and
I discovered the rock castle stand Upon pillars of some Herecers In a battlefield So take you Sure. Colin, don't
be afraid. I'm with you. Go ahead. Do all night, man. Uh-huh. It was a wicked and wild wind. Blue
down the doors to let me in. The shadow windows and the sound of drums. And people couldn't believe what
I've become. Revolutionary sway. A former handlebar. Um, people couldn't believe what I've become. Revolutionary sway. A former handlebar for不能
say over play. I'm just a puppet on a lonely string. Uh-huh whatever one ever can. Now I hear Jerusalem
bells ringing. Roman cavalry body singin. And so the sheep. Missionaries and above the trees. A missionary's in a foreign
field. For some reason I can't explain. I know St. Peter will call my name. Never an honest word. That
was when I knew it would. A tremble will sings this next bit. I'll try. That's pretty high. A tremble
will sing this next bit. A tremble will sing this next bit. Wow! I wish I could do that.
